Here are some other editions: first, when you accept to follow the stranger, and he does tell you the first and last digits (so he doesn't kill you), nothing plays. No audio. Make sure that there is audio, and that the audio plays a scary voice saying the first and last numbers of a killer's ID that you have not yet accused.  (This is only for hard mode) As for the new outside-of-the-mansion gameplay, here it is. Firstly, we have to extend the number of killers to 6, the number of total guests in the mansion to 19, and the maximum time you can have from 100 seconds to 150. Now here is the new thing: after 90 seconds of the game, a door will appear in the library. If you press on it, there will be a cool cinematic animation (like when the stranger asks you to follow him) that leads you outside (you can create the cool setting of a city at night, with busy people walking around, malls, skyscrapers lit up, taxies, etc.). You walk to a pub ( you can also create the images, like people, a bar, a pool table, etc.) and find a person. He is, oddly, wearing a name tag; his name is Blake. He asks you (it will be randomly selected each time, so that it is not the same question over and over again, but randomly selected from this list) either "how much do you think you should pay me", "what color am I thinking of", "what year was my birthday", "what is my favorite city", "what is my favorite book", "what was my GPA", "what time is it", or "What is my native language?" You will have to type the exact answer (it is not case sensitive). If you do, he will hold up a picture (cool  animation when he does this) of one of the remaining killers (it will show what exactly they look like, so glasses or not, hat or not, color, etc). There will then be the cinematic animation of you going back to the mansion (same path, same things you pass by, just reverse obviously). If you get it wrong, he will say, "Wrong. And for that...", then the animation for when you follow the stranger is shown, where it shows that you are killed with the knife (and the audio), and then the jumpscare and the end and stuff. Here is how you know the answers. The randomly selected question he will ask you if you visit him is already chosen, and in the evidence, after 85 seconds of the game, will show you a hint for the question he will ask you if you visit him. Here are the hints (the first possible question I typed earlier above, so "how much do you think you should pay me", corresponds to the first hint I will type): "Blake loves the 5 dollar bill", "Blake's favorite color is orange", “Blake’s favorite year is 1989”, “Blake lives in Boston”, “Blake’s favorite book is Trapped”, “Blake’s GPA was 3.92”, “Blake is interested in 2:19”, and “Blake speaks French”. Thanks!!!!!!